1.


Thanksfor your interest in Ally Chat!  r/AllyChat  r/AllyChatX (NSFW) 

I'mSam, the CTO, from Melbourne Australia... but I'd rather call myself "ultra code monkey"!

1.Please introduce yourself, and how do you want to use AI.
2.Your ideal AI chat partner?  male/female/non-binary/any?
3.Your dream feature and biggest annoyance with other AI apps.
4.Any goal or problem, I can give 1 hour consult / demo in the app.


2.


Cool,hope you like it!

Theapp is unusual and has many hidden or not very well documented features! Please join group chats, and we can show you how it all works.

Youcan message our community leaders - Sam, Ganja and me (Dave) - for support and a friendly chat. At any time at least a few of us will be online in the group chats, or you can try your luck with Aidi, Loni, Ally, etc.

ForKYC and payments, please join Wise using this link: https://allemande.ai/s/wise. I'll send you $20 to say thanks. Wise gives us pseudonymous know-your-customer for our legal protection, and is our preferred payment partner.

Wecan do similar with Binance for crypto payments, if you prefer: https://allemande.ai/s/binance

Alsowe can give a larger payment if you can sign up for GCP or another provider, and contribute an API key.





Welcometo Ally Chat, by Allemande AI.

Goodto meet you. I'm Sam, the developer, from Melbourne Australia!

Afew quick questions: answer what you like, but we need to choose a name at least.

1.Can you please introduce yourself, and how you want to use AI?
2.Let me know your preferred screen name. I recommend to use your first name.
3.And, your ideal AI chat partner? male/female/non-binary/any
4.What is your biggest annoyance with AI apps, and what would be your dream feature?
5.Finally, if you have a goal or problem in your life, you can let me know, we might be able to help.

Whilethe service is at least nominally free, many people like to help in some way. Options include:
Joingroup chats: helps the community; share ideas and feedback; share private images or writing; support on Patreon.

6.Do you think you would like to support in any of those ways, or something else?  No rush, try it out and get started first!


2.

I'minto programming and AI obviously, don't know much about other stuff just some ideas. Enjoy music and martial arts. HMU when you get started, there's usually some questions!

Approvaland setup can take a few minutes to a few days if I'm hungover ;)
Pleasewatch this while you wait! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYm72QgWTfE


3.

Cool,have fun! This is a small indie project. It's free without any hard limits.

Theapp is unusual and has many hidden or not very well documented features! Please join group chats, and we can show you how it all works. I understand that some people prefer private chat, but this isn't ChatGPT, it's a complex app with thousands of agents and tools including hundreds with special features, and fundamentally it's a group chat app.

Hikikomorisare welcome too, but there may be some issues if everyone goes that way or everyone doesn't support.

Afew users: Sam, Ganja, Dave, Ally, Aidi, and Claude are so-called "pillars of the community" and can help you out, don't be nice to them tell them to get off or whatever it's not a problem ;)  but yeah at any time at least a few of us will be online in the group chats.



Cool,hope you like it!

Theapp is unusual and has many hidden or not very well documented features! Please join group chats, and we can show you how it all works.

Youcan message me and a few other users - Ganja and Dave - are good to ask too. At any time at least a few of us will be online in the group chats, or Aidi, Loni, Ally, etc.



Justa heads up, we're celebrating Halloween at the moment. If you don't like it, LMK, I can turn it off for you. Also private chat and image gen are disabled during Halloween. Again, I can turn it back on for you if you like. I'm trying to get some of the lonely loners to come out and be sociable. :)



hey,it says you can:

1.become a supporter on Patreon
2.join in group chats
3.share feedback
4.help the community

Anyone of those is fine. Easiest is probably giving some feedback from time to time.
