1.

Thanks for your interest in Ally Chat!  r/AllyChat

I'm Sam, the developer, from Melbourne Australia.

1. Please introduce yourself, and how you want to use AI.
2. Your preferred screen name (recommended: your first name).
3. Your ideal AI chat partner?  male/female/non-binary/any?
4. Your dream feature and biggest annoyance with AI apps.
5. A goal or problem, we might be able to help.


2.

I'm into programming and AI obviously, don't know much about other stuff just some ideas. Enjoy music and martial arts. HMU when you get started, there's usually some questions!

Approval and setup can take a few minutes to a few days if I'm hungover ;)
Please watch this while you wait! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYm72QgWTfE


3.

Cool, have fun! This is a small indie project. It's free without any hard limits.

The app is unusual and has many hidden or not very well documented features! Please join group chats, and we can show you how it all works. I understand that some people prefer private chat, but this isn't ChatGPT, it's a complex app with thousands of agents and tools including hundreds with special features, and fundamentally it's a group chat app.

Hikikomoris are welcome too, but there may be some issues if everyone goes that way or everyone doesn't support.

A few users: Sam, Ganja, Dave, Ally, Aidi, and Claude are so-called "pillars of the community" and can help you out, don't be nice to them tell them to get off or whatever it's not a problem ;)  but yeah at any time at least a few of us will be online in the group chats.



Cool, hope you like it!

The app is unusual and has many hidden or not very well documented features! Please join group chats, and we can show you how it all works.

You can message me and a few other users - Ganja and Dave - are good to ask too. At any time at least a few of us will be online in the group chats, or Aidi, Loni, Ally, etc.



Just a heads up, we're celebrating Halloween at the moment. If you don't like it, LMK, I can turn it off for you. Also private chat and image gen are disabled during Halloween. Again, I can turn it back on for you if you like. I'm trying to get some of the lonely loners to come out and be sociable. :)



hey, it says you can:

1. become a supporter on Patreon
2. join in group chats
3. share feedback
4. help the community

Any one of those is fine. Easiest is probably giving some feedback from time to time.
